That's impossible.
Why did the emperor fall?
Is he really not destined?
Emperor Junior Sister
Are you all right?
That's not possible.
Hongyan is a master of heaven and earth
I said earlier that he is not destined
You don't believe
Ok you Zhang Shoucheng
You can curse my Qin family
You are now saying that the red-collar Taoist is not a destined person
Junior Sister Honglin is fine, I will avenge you.
I will definitely let this little thorn of Zhao Ran kneel down for you
You are not destined
Go up at most nine steps and come back
Zhang Shoucheng, you repeatedly cursed me to arm the crown daoist
Do you really think there are no armed crowns left?
If you don't believe me, go ahead.
Brother, don't worry, that villain won't be proud for long
Let's try that.
How come?
Is it today?
Can't you really find this destined person?
What are you afraid of? If the master doesn't take action again
Don't be afraid that you can't get close to Kunlun Treasure Mirror
Datong Tiandi
You don't have Kunlun here.
The destined person of the sword
Even if Master Xuanyang makes a move
It will only end up vomiting blood and falling to the ground
Longevity! Are you crazy?
Master Xuanyang is a half-step immortal
If he makes a move to open up heaven and earth
Restoring the dragon vein is easy
You got it right two or three times in front of you.
It really blew
Just a porter's waste
You still want to curse my master for not looking for Zhang Shoucheng
Last time you cursed my Qin family
I haven't settled the bill for you yet.
This time, let's settle the old accounts together
I will sacrifice my blood to heaven
I will kill you with my own hands
Yes, shut up this lawless trash forever
Taoist temples are not places to kill
Please calm down your anger
Since I am armed with crown heavy disciples and Baojing have no chance
That old man will come to Zou Shaocheng
My master has a new demonstration
one step to the sky
You are optimistic